Oh boy. Buckle up for this one. Woke up at 6 am because I was worrying about the mud pit I had driven through the night before. I wanted to just get through it as early as possible in case anything went wrong. And in fact, everything went wrong. I tried to be sneaky and cut around the water that I barely made it through the night before and ended up getting stuck in a mud pit. I did everything you aren't supposed to do when you're in mud. I floored it in drive, floored it in reverse, turned my tires every which way. After I had dug myself deeper in the mud pit, I found some wood left by others who had also gotten stuck but were able to get out. I tried shimmying those under my tires and giving it another go. Did it work? Absolutely not.

So now it's 7 am. I'm covered head to toe in mud to match my mud covered car. With all my focus on getting out and not even considering the mud I was bringing in, I also managed to dump probably half the desert's supply of mud into the driver's seat. No cell service out there either. But I'm not panicking quite yet. This happens all the time to people. Just gotta wave someone down. And I do, three guys in a mid sized 2WD Honda. I walk over to them knowing that their car will suffer the same fate as mine, if not worse. They think I'm a park ranger which they quickly find out I'm not as I approached them, appearing as if I had been birthed from the mud pit. They were good people and offered to take me to Trona which I swiftly took them up on, hopping in the car with my extra 10 pounds of mud before they could reassess their decision.

On the way out, we stop by a jeep and a 70 year old man. He's kind enough to give a try at pulling my car out. No dice. He drove me into Ridgecrest, about 20 miles from where I was stuck. In Ridgecrest, he drops me off at a towing shop. I walk in and as the man sees my mud torn outfit, he recommends a different shop down the road, one made specifically for off road rescues. I'm optimistic. I show the guy the photos, say it's only a mile from the main road. My optimism is crushed and immediately replaced by dread when he replies "nope, it's too risky, probably won't work". So you're telling me the shop known for off road rescues can't rescue my car? I'm cooked.

I sit in a McDonalds still dripping mud accepting the fact that I am now a mud person and will live the rest of my days in the mud beside my mud covered truck. I am the mud. I don't know where the mud ends and where I begin. I'm calling every towing company west of the Mississippi until finally, there's one that will do it. [American Towing](https://www.yelp.com/biz/american-towing-and-recovery-ridgecrest), literal angels. They pick me up from McDonalds, the employees celebrating the departure of the mud monster (probably). It takes an hour but the heroes get my truck out of the clutches of the mud. American Towing, thank you thank you thank you. I drive off and take my pavement princess (they coined my truck) to the car wash.

So my original plan of having today be the big adventure in Death Valley went a bit different. I made it eventually to Stovepipe Wells and got a campsite (on a real road) and set up shop. My pre-calculated agenda got wrecked and I had to freestyle for a bit. I guess that's the point though — makes for a better story!
